I wanted to review one more tequila and
I had this idea this perception that I
was I was envisioning so the tequila
first I'll go through the tequila this
is a Coors Oh tequila I just bought this
is about forty dollars at the New
Hampshire liquor store so you can look
at look for this it's probably widely
available because I noticed that the
branding agency is picardy so I don't
know if they're they own the brand if
they are the brand it's just got it a
different name on it so you kind of
don't associate them since picardie is
more associated with wrong whatever it's
clear so this is a silver tequila it's
very sweet smelling almost like a dried
apricot it's makes you almost salivate
so it's kind of nice I don't get much
burn from it definitely tasty a little
heat on the back end overall them not
not too bad of an experience just got
some nice and ghahve to it very raw very
silver tequila so I like that property
that we've got you're getting from that
a little almost like a pineapple agave
sweetness in the front a little burn
well balanced that's just an example
it's really good fairly smooth not too
not not completely heavy not I guess
more of a medium to light body and a
very clean finish so I like that that's
akhil is going to cost you forty dollars
a patron is going to cost you sixty
dollars 40 I don't think of finding for
forty dollars maybe 50 if you got a good
deal and I know people who are very
passionate about their patron they said
this is the best brand this is it's so
much better than what they've had before
because what they've had before is
Ben queer vogue old so when you look at
the two once I'm real I mean pitron is a
real tequila it's one hundred percent de
agave so it's real agave trio spirit
it's not half caramel color and grain
alcohol doesn't it's not going to give
you a headache so from that perspective
patron is a very serviceable brand
people like it because it's sits so
silently they don't really get a lot of
taste they don't get a lot of anything
and for me I don't see the point in
spending sixty dollars for something you
don't get anything of I drink my tequila
straight i can do that some people think
I'm crazy and it's probably because they
haven't really sipped a good silver
tequila so you've got you got that
problem it's easily resolved well you
just get yourself some silver tequila
something that I might have recommended
might be a good start and I got to
wondering why is it that I have in-laws
and in other people and not my parents
not my mother-in-law but her sister and
stuff who are like oh I only go with
Petronas only thing I drink is patron
and I'm like we're having what else have
you had well I just like patron it's my
brand and I'm like well what is what
causes that what brings on the patron is
my brand that's only thing I can have
that is you know where's that brand
loyalty lie and I think I know where it
is first for the for the men viewers
you've probably seen the magazine is
called a playboy right this is the
oktober 2009 edition now you throw this
thing obviously what most people will do
in their houses they'll flip it upside
down so when their family comes over
they don't see that what it is you flip
upside down or what is it freakin patron
yeah it's a brand very well-known you're
getting you're getting it in your head
that this is your favorite brand because
that's what you see in prints now for
people who are more upscale if you will
this is the wine spectator if you're
into wine I like wine so sometimes I
like to read these honestly I don't read
them as much as I shoot for how big they
are and how much data is in them but
look at that patron right so now you're
hitting all these demographics people
who like wine are looking at
shown as people who like I read it for
the articles by the way playboy there
they're getting patron ads you're
getting these things everywhere and
sooner or later you're like this is
going to be good as everybody tells me
as good and that's what you end up
drinking boom brand loyalty they spend
that sixty dollars per bottle it's
probably mostly marketing and do you
blame them that it's working you go to a
bar and what do you find you find patron
in Cuervo gold and of course if I have
those two options i'm going to go patron
it's going to cost me a fortune but you
know what it's better than the other so
what i want to say is don't just go with
what you see in a magazine go to the
store find something that's 100% a agave
it's going to say it someplace in the
bottle tequila super 100% a agave blue
agave whatever try it and find out that
maybe you don't need to be a brand
longueuil tish yet you haven't
experienced all the different flavors
all the different subspecies of a silver
let alone a rip asado or and yay hö so
just think about it don't let the
magazines drive you to a specific ran to
become loyal to make your own decisions
I think that's what I wanted to say all
right Mike